draft-PR-for-Nokia (#45677)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ipi-verifying-nodes-after-installation.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//

> // *

Reviewer: Would you mind filling in which assembly this was added to?

```
// * installing/index.adoc
```

:_module-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ipi-verifying-nodes-after-installation_{context}"]
= Verifying node state after installation

[role="_abstract"]

> //Short introductory paragraph that provides an overview of the module. The text that immediately follows the abstract tag is used for search metadata.

Reviewer: Not critical, but would you mind removing these commented out lines that I assume were tips from the procedure template? Two other places below as well

The {product-title} installation completes when the following installation health checks are successful:

> * The provisioning host can access the OpenShift web console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The provisioning host can access the {product-title} web console.
```

* All control plane nodes are ready.

* All cluster Operators are available.

[NOTE]
====

> After the installation completes, the specific Cluster Operators responsible for the worker nodes continuously attempt to provision all worker nodes. It can take some time before all worker nodes report as READY. For installations on bare metal, wait a minimum of 60 minutes before troubleshooting a worker node. For installations on all other platforms, wait a minimum of 40 minutes before troubleshooting a worker node. A DEGRADED state for the Cluster Operators responsible for the worker nodes depends on the Operators' own resources and not on the state of the nodes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the installation completes, the specific Cluster Operators responsible for the worker nodes continuously attempt to provision all worker nodes. It can take some time before all worker nodes report as `READY`. For installations on bare metal, wait a minimum of 60 minutes before troubleshooting a worker node. For installations on all other platforms, wait a minimum of 40 minutes before troubleshooting a worker node. A `DEGRADED` state for the Cluster Operators responsible for the worker nodes depends on the Operators' own resources and not on the state of the nodes.
```

> After the installation completes, the specific Cluster Operators responsible for the worker nodes continuously attempt to provision all worker nodes. It can take some time before all worker nodes report as `READY`. For installations on bare metal, wait a minimum of 60 minutes before troubleshooting a worker node. For installations on all other platforms, wait a minimum of 40 minutes before troubleshooting a worker node. A `DEGRADED` state for the Cluster Operators responsible for the worker nodes depends on the Operators' own resources and not on the state of the nodes.

Reviewer: Cluster Operators -> cluster Operators (two places)

==== 

After your installation completes, you can continue to monitor the condition of the nodes in your cluster using the following steps. 

.Prerequisites
//A bulleted list of conditions that must be satisfied before the user starts following this module.
* The installation program resolves successfully in the terminal.

.Procedure
//Start each step with an active verb. Use an unnumbered bullet (*) if the procedure includes only one step.
. Show the status of all worker nodes:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> oc get nodes

Reviewer: This command needs a `$` prompt in front. Can you also fix for the below command as well?

----
+
.Example output

> [source,terminal]

Reviewer: You need `----` surrounding the content of the code block, Like:

```
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
NAME                           STATUS   ROLES    AGE   VERSION
example-compute1.example.com   Ready    worker   13m   v1.21.6+bb8d50a
example-compute2.example.com   Ready    worker   13m   v1.21.6+bb8d50a
example-compute4.example.com   Ready    worker   14m   v1.21.6+bb8d50a
example-control1.example.com   Ready    master   52m   v1.21.6+bb8d50a
example-control2.example.com   Ready    master   55m   v1.21.6+bb8d50a
example-control3.example.com   Ready    master   55m   v1.21.6+bb8d50a
----
```
Can you also fix for the below code block too please?

example-compute2.example.com   Ready    worker   13m   v1.21.6+bb8d50a
example-compute4.example.com   Ready    worker   14m   v1.21.6+bb8d50a
example-control1.example.com   Ready    master   52m   v1.21.6+bb8d50a
example-control2.example.com   Ready    master   55m   v1.21.6+bb8d50a
example-control3.example.com   Ready    master   55m   v1.21.6+bb8d50a

. Show the phase of all worker machine nodes:
+
----
oc get machines -A
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
NAMESPACE               NAME                           PHASE         TYPE   REGION   ZONE   AGE
openshift-machine-api   example-zbbt6-master-0         Running                              95m
openshift-machine-api   example-zbbt6-master-1         Running                              95m
openshift-machine-api   example-zbbt6-master-2         Running                              95m
openshift-machine-api   example-zbbt6-worker-0-25bhp   Running                              49m
openshift-machine-api   example-zbbt6-worker-0-8b4c2   Running                              49m
openshift-machine-api   example-zbbt6-worker-0-jkbqt   Provisioned                          49m

> openshift-machine-api   example-zbbt6-worker-0-qrl5b   Running                              49m

Reviewer 3: Maybe we should use here a "successful" example (that is, all amchines _Running_).

Author: Replaced example with all "running" machines

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// *
:_module-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ipi-verifying-nodes-after-installation_{context}"]
= Verifying node state after installation

[role="_abstract"]
//Short introductory paragraph that provides an overview of the module. The text that immediately follows the abstract tag is used for search metadata.

> Your OpenShift Container Platform installation completes when the following installation health checks are successful:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The {product-title} installation completes when the following installation health checks are successful:
```

Reviewer 4: Product name variable

Author: Done

> * The provisioning host can access the OpenShift Web Console.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* The provisioning host can access the OpenShift web console.
```

* All master nodes are ready.

* All cluster Operators are available.

> However, although your installation successfully completes, not all worker nodes in the cluster are instantly provisioned. Some worker nodes remain in a non-provisioned state, such as NotReady, Inspecting or Provisioned. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
It can take some time after cluster installation is successfully completed before all all worker nodes report as `READY`. The Cluster Operator continuously attempts to provision worker nodes for a set period of time. The state of a worker node only changes to `DEGRADED` when the Cluster Operator fails to provision the worker node within this time period. You can define this time period in the `install-config.yaml` file.
==== 
```
1. Operator names take title case. See https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#documentation-guidelines
2. Operators are discrete pieces of software that are deployed separately and run in the cluster. Distinct from node/machine/host.
2. Use backticks to mark any code or text from the CLI.

Q: what is the exact param that you config this time-out value in `install-config.yaml`?

Reviewer 4: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#object-references

> The cluster Operator nodes continuously attempt to provision worker nodes for a set period of time. The state of a worker node only changes to degraded when the cluster Operator node fails to provision the worker node within this time period. You can define this time period in the install-config.yaml(???) file.

Reviewer 4: remove this line, include it in note above.

Author: Done

example-compute4.example.com   Ready    worker   14m   v1.21.6+bb8d50a
example-control1.example.com   Ready    master   52m   v1.21.6+bb8d50a
example-control2.example.com   Ready    master   55m   v1.21.6+bb8d50a
example-control3.example.com   Ready    master   55m   v1.21.6+bb8d50a

. Show the phase of all worker machine nodes:
+
----
oc get machines -A
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
NAMESPACE               NAME                           PHASE         TYPE   REGION   ZONE   AGE
openshift-machine-api   example-zbbt6-master-0         Running                              95m
openshift-machine-api   example-zbbt6-master-1         Running                              95m
openshift-machine-api   example-zbbt6-master-2         Running                              95m
openshift-machine-api   example-zbbt6-worker-0-25bhp   Running                              49m
openshift-machine-api   example-zbbt6-worker-0-8b4c2   Running                              49m
openshift-machine-api   example-zbbt6-worker-0-jkbqt   Provisioned                          49m
openshift-machine-api   example-zbbt6-worker-0-qrl5b   Running                              49m

> [role="_additional-resources"]

Reviewer 4: No xrefs in modules remember :) include this in the asembly, just after the module include reference.

Author: Fixed

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// *

:_module-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ipi-verifying-nodes-after-installation_{context}"]
= Verifying node state after installation

[role="_abstract"]
//Short introductory paragraph that provides an overview of the module. The text that immediately follows the abstract tag is used for search metadata.
The {product-title} installation completes when the following installation health checks are successful:

* The provisioning host can access the OpenShift web console.

* All master nodes are ready.

* All cluster Operators are available.

[NOTE]
====
It can take some time after cluster installation is successfully completed before all worker nodes report as `READY`. The Cluster Operator continuously attempts to provision worker nodes for a set period of time. The state of a worker node only changes to `DEGRADED` when the Cluster Operator fails to provision the worker node within this time period. You can define this time period in the `install-config.yaml` file.

> ==== 

Author: Q: How can you configure a time-out value? Or is there a default time-out value that we should just state here?

Reviewer 4: Well this is my Q for you. No idea tbh ;)

Author: I updated the note. What do you think Alfonso?

Reviewer 3: Maybe we should make explicit that the Degraded state for _Machine Api Operator_ and _Baremetal Operator_ depends only on the operators own resources and not the state of the nodes ?

Author: Updated the note.

Author: Got a lgtm from Alfonso: https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2084113#c8
